README.md, before:

<div align="center">
<h3>🛡️ RahGozar Panel</h3>
<p>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.10+-blue.svg?style=flat&logo=python" alt="Python 3.10+">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/hoseinlolready/RahGozar?style=flat" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Stable-orange.svg" alt="Status">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/hoseinlolready/RahGozar" />
<a href="https://t.me/HOSEINLOL" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/telegram-channel-blue&logo=telegram" />
</p>

<h3>High-Performance, Lightweight Port Tunneling Management System</h3>
<p>Manage your tunnels with Data Limits, Expiry Dates, and a beautiful Dark UI.</p>
</div>

📖 Overview

RahGozar is a Tunnel manager tool that
provides a simple and easy-to-use user interface for managing hundreds of Tunnels powered by Darvazeban Core built using Pure Python

🚀 Why use RahGozar?

RahGozar is user-friendly, reliable and easy-to-use. It lets you to create many Tunnels for your users without any complicated configuration.
Using its built-in web UI, you are able to monitor, modify and limit users.

✨ Features

- Built-in **Web UI**
- **Traffic** and **expiry date** limitations
- **Periodic** traffic limit (e.g. daily, weekly, etc.)
- System monitoring and **traffic statistics**
- Support **Multi-admin** (not multi tunnel management currently for every diffrent admins)

🛠️ Installation Guide

- Comming Soon


# ❤️ Donation

If you found Darvazeban useful and would like to support its development, you can make a donation in one of the following crypto networks:

- ETH, BNB, MATIC network (ERC20, BEP20): 0x9De9b9c4AE395E59997DAA2a434a54E5e4077471
- Bitcoin network: bc1q0atnk8l7zrjzy3wwsfdv6mvzqkdn7yssylfvws
- TON network: UQCbzYzcaI_LMQyJ1FG3aOxm1htIgR0YFzoY7qrvvQx9WQrW

📝 License

This project is open-source and available under the [MIT License](./LICENSE).

Commit message:

Add installation command to README
Updated installation instructions for Marzban with SQLite database.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
<h3>🛡️ RahGozar Panel</h3>
<p>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.10+-blue.svg?style=flat&logo=python" alt="Python 3.10+">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/hoseinlolready/RahGozar?style=flat" />
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Stable-orange.svg" alt="Status">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/hoseinlolready/RahGozar" />
<a href="https://t.me/HOSEINLOL" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/telegram-channel-blue&logo=telegram" />
</p>

<h3>High-Performance, Lightweight Port Tunneling Management System</h3>
<p>Manage your tunnels with Data Limits, Expiry Dates, and a beautiful Dark UI.</p>
</div>

📖 Overview

RahGozar is a Tunnel manager tool that
provides a simple and easy-to-use user interface for managing hundreds of Tunnels powered by Darvazeban Core built using Pure Python

🚀 Why use RahGozar?

RahGozar is user-friendly, reliable and easy-to-use. It lets you to create many Tunnels for your users without any complicated configuration.
Using its built-in web UI, you are able to monitor, modify and limit users.

✨ Features

- Built-in **Web UI**
- **Traffic** and **expiry date** limitations
- **Periodic** traffic limit (e.g. daily, weekly, etc.)
- System monitoring and **traffic statistics**
- Support **Multi-admin** (not multi tunnel management currently for every diffrent admins)

🛠️ Installation Guide

Run the following command to install Marzban with SQLite database:

```bash
sudo bash -c "$(curl -sL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hoseinlolready/RahGozar/refs/heads/main/scripts/installer.sh)"
```


# ❤️ Donation

If you found Darvazeban useful and would like to support its development, you can make a donation in one of the following crypto networks:

- ETH, BNB, MATIC network (ERC20, BEP20): 0x9De9b9c4AE395E59997DAA2a434a54E5e4077471
- Bitcoin network: bc1q0atnk8l7zrjzy3wwsfdv6mvzqkdn7yssylfvws
- TON network: UQCbzYzcaI_LMQyJ1FG3aOxm1htIgR0YFzoY7qrvvQx9WQrW

📝 License

This project is open-source and available under the [MIT License](./LICENSE).
